# datacross
It is known that, currently, one of the 'trend topics' of information technology is artificial intelligence, intended as an asset at the service of professionals to simplify or improve their work. Let me introduce myself, my name is Giacomo Maraglino and I am 19 years old. After 5 years of high school, I enrolled at the university, at the Faculty of Engineering, until now dealt with excellent results. For about 4 years I have been passionate about computer science and, after a phase of 'exploration' of the various branches of computer science, I focus my studies on AI, and in particular on Machine Learning. Being deeply interested in current events, one day like everyone else I felt about the scandal which involved the current president of the U.S.A, Donald Trump, with the Cambridge Analytica company. Basically, data was collected on a certain number of users, and categorized into different profiles psychological. Then, with sophisticated Machine Learning algorithms, the personality of the voters was predicted targeted advertisements, they were psychologically induced to vote for the current President. I thought so: 'But it would be possible to apply this method, legally, to less relevant issues of politics, while benefiting from it? ' I have researched the processes and procedures followed to develop this project, and, finally, I can answer this question with a firm YES. This method can be extended to any social platform (with the necessary changes). However we will apply it to Instagram, currently the most popular social network.

#CODE OF THIS SEARCH IS AVAILABLE ONLY IF YOU TEXT ME. PLEASE TEXT ME AT: giacomomaraglino42@gmail.com
